{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf600
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Menlo-Regular;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red69\green187\blue62;\red31\green32\blue41;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\csgenericrgb\c26985\c73392\c24249;\csgenericrgb\c12157\c12549\c16078;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww20900\viewh12860\viewkind0
\deftab593
\pard\tx593\pardeftab593\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf2 \cb3 Planny 2 is all new and has been rethought from the ground up.\
\
Planny is your new friend helping you to be more productive. Planny learned everything important from common to do list apps but combines them with intelligence and gamification. In the morning and during the day Planny intelligently recommends tasks and also reminds you if you tend to forget them. You earn productivity points for adding and completing tasks, and also lose them if you shift tasks or forget them. Users can compare their productivity with friends over the week. \
\
Planny also features all the important features like deadlines, lists / projects, tagging, location based reminders, notes and attachments, routines and more. \
\
Key features\
\'95 Daily list to focus on today's tasks\
\'95 Assistant for creating a productive daily plan\
\'95 Daily review of the last day\
\'95 Routines to train your habits\
\'95 Deadlines and reminders\
\'95 Smart reminders if you tend to forget your tasks\
\'95 Notes for your tasks\
\'95 Weekly productivity ranking of your contacts\
\'95 Rewards\
\'95 Dark mode\
\'95 Siri Shortcuts\
\'95 Lists\
\'95 Siri support\
\'95 Advanced Apple Watch app\
\
Users of Planny Pro also get:\
\'95 Forecast view with upcoming tasks\
\'95 Add Photos from your library to tasks\
\'95 Add Photos from your camera to tasks\
\'95 Location based reminders\
\'95 iCloud sync\
\'95 iCloud backup\
\'95 Review your recent days\
\'95 Manage unlimited lists\
\'95 Tagging\
\'95 One purchase - all devices - including macOS and Apple Watch\
\
With Planny Teamwork you can also share lists with others, assign tasks and work together.\
\
About purchases: \
Planny Pro offers you all advantages of Planny and Cloud Sync for all your devices. Please note that Cloud-Sync requires an iCloud-Account. Purchases are shared between iOS and macOS.\
\
A Planny Teamwork subscription offers you all advantages of Planny Teamwork. Please note that Planny Teamwork requires an iCloud-Account. Purchases are shared between iOS and macOS.\
\
Planny offers two auto-renewing subscriptions\
\
Planny Teamwork 3 Months\
$4,99 / 3 Months (may differ in your country & currency)\
\
Planny Teamwork 1 Year\
$9,99 / Year  (may differ in your country & currency)\
\
Payment will be charged to iTunes Account at confirmation of purchase\
Subscription automatically renews unless auto-renew is turned off at least 24-hours before the end of the current period\
Account will be charged for renewal within 24-hours prior to the end of the current period, and identify the cost of the renewal\
\
Subscriptions may be managed by the user and auto-renewal may be turned off by going to the user's Account Settings after purchase\
\
When your subscription is cancelled and expires, all the features of Planny Pro won't be available any longer. Any unused portion of a free trial period, if offered, will be forfeited when the user purchases a subscription to that publication, where applicable.\
\
Privacy policy for Planny: http://kevinreutter.de/privacy\
Terms of use / Conditions: http://kevinreutter.de/privacy}